Added Docker Usage to README.md (#20)
prologic/golinks: README.md

recent unreleased version from master you'll have to clone the repository
and build yourself.

### Docker

> To startup a container with an image from docker hub, run the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start up a container with an image from docker hub, run the following:
```
